com/eohi/zxinglibrary/OnCaptureListener.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.OnCaptureListener
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/OnCaptureCallback.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.OnCaptureCallback
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/InactivityTimer.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.InactivityTimer
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.InactivityTimer$InactivityAsyncTask
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/open/OpenCameraInterface.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/CaptureLifecycle.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureLifecycle
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/open/CameraFacing.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.open.CameraFacing
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/DecodeFormatManager.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.DecodeFormatManager
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/BuildConfig.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.BuildConfig
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/DecodeHandler.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.DecodeHandler
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/ViewfinderView.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.ViewfinderView
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.ViewfinderView$1
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.ViewfinderView$LaserStyle
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.ViewfinderView$TextLocation
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/Intents.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Intents
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Intents$Encode
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Intents$History
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Intents$Scan
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Intents$SearchBookContents
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Intents$Share
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Intents$WifiConnect
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/util/LogUtils.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.util.LogUtils
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/CameraManager.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.CameraManager
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.CameraManager$OnSensorListener
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.CameraManager$OnTorchListener
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/open/OpenCamera.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.open.OpenCamera
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/BeepManager.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.BeepManager
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/util/CodeUtils.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.util.CodeUtils
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/Preferences.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.Preferences
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/CaptureActivity.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureActivity
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureActivity$1
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/FrontLightMode.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.FrontLightMode
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/CaptureFragment.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureFragment
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/CaptureHelper.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureHelper
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/DecodeThread.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.DecodeThread
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/CameraConfigurationUtils.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/CaptureManager.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureManager
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.AutoFocusManager
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusTask
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/AmbientLightManager.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.AmbientLightManager
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/CaptureTouchEvent.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureTouchEvent
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/CaptureHandler.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureHandler
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.CaptureHandler$State
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
com/eohi/zxinglibrary/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 com.eohi.zxinglibrary.camera.PreviewCallback
